Welcome to a purchase by the Marbacher 2 GB My Name is
Although US and I are equally in the plans, it is not mine
It's smaller by Gundolf Großmann and he makes a few
ultimately is
GM also knows this place on my channel
but later to the bass
and now, first of all, tickets for the "Iceman" thank you
us smaller rattle in mind the chance gives a bit more
Easy to reach viewers
and yes
So first off a bit of what the gameplay as you can see he has here
Serve Juke percent cheaper the Dult packed with muffler and the
Files are already betrayed so he goes to Newhook
And by default he does not do anything as well as anyone like the Henri
wrapped background in the UKE
and
And suddenly the short wenes of a marathon kroha are smaller and narrower
So everything flew open and because currently gambled with a headset and therefore in the
Front me sure all know percent really brings deaths emitted in mw2
but what urgently helped hopeful next to commentator once chewed
and you have
now the chance of what she finds on our channel and what
Judge expects that whenever it's possible
So first
the focus should be on us more often see fit shooters are
but now lethal to men already some Clarisse of Nine open game
Metro 2033 stuck
I do not know if she knows Matthew but now how is the most famous one
game
Statements are very interesting Dr
everyone else is also in harmony
and around
the MACD is his last
Year still exactly Firth means I've uploaded five more and one
very cool came off something and yesterday has a beautiful world completely
deleted
so and now will most likely now I know more because summer vacation
I am now in the upper grades around me
and if special cases Whitmarsh difficult and so but I definitely want that
use the time
make about 80 more flatrate without end
and including Holland
Percent want to say
namely that we are mainly action shooter or first
Person shooter
on our plates
Envy commented gameplay is natural and I know that maybe
spontaneous or similar comes sometime who knows who knows
So far, as I've already mentioned, we're keeping leg strength now
so a paparazzo blows so not so outstanding right now so that were
my first attempts
on what topics to Babel so
I waited for the first time I would say if you also unnatural world in the forest
Percent knows Maike Kappes we do
easy in the world
create wonderful world
and yes
The Metro 2033 now also blows other picture shooter
So for the people who are interested
and here as well that still remain high Black Ops would have it too
already ready
Mon two roles Thelen what have we already uploaded so I could
just drop by if you feel like we have through me on each
Fall forward
And if you really have what he has when you want to have five prizes for it
Brand film lifts
it's really fun to listen to Wendland
Saab and Yen would and cool off in the beginning
so
I can now tell you a little bit about what I really have like that
You can tell him more about the plans
but only for a very short time she is barely alive after all four minutes 30
there is scarce
and today, let's talk briefly what people are getting closer to No
Action shooter so mainly in multiplayer course
which I noticed especially the last few weeks as we did
me with my plan a bit
TuS Kaltehardt or have to because they had dared
he really was
always lousy mood than the Black Ops have collected and because
I know that they are not. I would not really recommend it
say because in the chain all the community are the other players
in sync with the YouTube and that's not the deciding race for it
which would then supply us with the game and therefore
if I'm not even a game developer right now
blame him for the people who ended up costing Knut in the
Corner Cham
and yes I have my doubts no suggestions or always have to
to think that he is the community and not the
indie-developer
and and fast here the score is 47 3
of it is the bear and I hope he will be lucky then
then